We are hoping that DGI can add some code to display these particular elements (PMCID, line break). Here is as far as Janet has been able to go with the two CSL styles (Annotated and NIH):

NLM style with abstract (to be called “Annotated (NLM style with abstract)"
Janet was able to add the abstract to the style. The problem that arises comes when adding the display attribute “block” to make it add a line break before the abstract (<text variable="abstract" display="block"/>). This code works fine in the Chicago Manual of Style (Annotated Bibliography) style, but it doesn’t work in the NLM style. Janet believes the NLM style is written in an earlier version of CSL, as the “block” code is part of CSL 1.0, the newest version.
NIH style; using the NLM style as the base
NLM style doesn’t have spaces before volume number and before pages.
NLM style doesn’t incorporate the PMCID, NIHMSID, or “PMC Journal – In Process” phrase” at the end of the citation.
Janet can make the punctuation changes, but she cannot add the PMCID because Zotero doesn’t currently have a field for the PMCID (and neither does CSL, from what she can tell). There are several threads in the Zotero forums about this problem. The PMID is also a problem, because Zotero dumps it into a field called “Extra,” which often contains other data as well. It appears that there is no CSL field for the PMID either, at least according to the various forum posts.
• NIH output style
Cerrato A, Parisi M, Santa Anna S, Missirlis F, Guru S, Agarwal S, Sturgill D, Talbot T, Spiegel A, Collins F, Chandrasekharappa S, Marx S, Oliver B. Genetic interactions between Drosophila melanogaster menin and Jun/Fos. Dev Biol. 2006 Oct 1; 298(1): 59-70. PMCID: PMC2291284

Sala-Torra O, Gundacker HM, Stirewalt DL, Ladne PA, Pogosova-Agadjanyan EL, Slovak ML, Willman CL, Heimfeld S, Boldt DH, Radich JP. Connective tissue growth factor (CTGF) expression and outcome in adult patients with acute lymphoblastic leukemia. Blood. 2007 April 1; 109(7): 3080–3083. PMCID: PMC Journal - In Process

Cerrato A, Parisi M, Santa Anna S, Missirlis F, Guru S, Agarwal S, Sturgill D, Talbot T, Spiegel A, Collins F, Chandrasekharappa S, Marx S, Oliver B. Genetic interactions between Drosophila melanogaster menin and Jun/Fos. Dev Biol. 2006 Oct 1; 298(1): 59-70. NIHMSID: NIHMS44135